pages/contributors.md, before:

---
title: Contributors
layout: about
permalink: /contributors.html
# Edit the markdown on in this file to describe your collection
# Look in _includes/feature for options to easily add features to the page
---

# Project Contributors

**Charissa Bertels** is a Broadway actress and champion of new musicals. She has performed on Broadway and at Madison Square Garden in A Christmas Story and toured the country in the first national tour of *If/Then,* starring Idina Menzel, La Chanze, and Anthony Rapp. As part of the singing ensemble for New York City Center Encores' productions of *Gentlemen Prefer Blondes* and *Lady Be Good,* her work can be heard on the subsequent cast recordings, featuring Megan Hilty and the legendary Tommy Tune.  

Charissa's original one-woman musical, *My 80-Year-Old Boyfriend* (Merrimack Repertory Theatre, Arizona Theatre Company, Human Race Theatre Company), garnered rave reviews and an IRNE award for Best Solo Performance. Her newest collaboration, *The Uncivil Ones,* features unheard female, trans and non-binary voices from The Civil War and garnered the 2019 Special Mention for the Women in Arts & Media Coalition Collaboration Award. 
 
In addition to her own writing and producing projects, she is currently a professor at New York Film Academy’s Professional Conservatory of Musical Theatre, pursuing an MFA from the University of Idaho, and a proud member of Actors’ Equity and SAG-AFTRA. Visit her website [here.](www.charissa.nyc) 

{% include feature/image.html src="/objects/Bertels_headshot.jpg" width="25" %}

**Jennifer Arbogast Wilson** is in her first year of the distance-learning Directing program in the theatre department at the University of Idaho.  A native of Columbus, Ohio, Jennifer now resides in Chattanooga, Tennessee, where she is a professor of music and theatre at Chattanooga State Community College.  Jennifer’s main teaching includes private voice lessons to music and theatre majors, voice and speech courses, and directing musical theatre productions.  She holds a Doctor of Arts degree in Vocal Performance with a secondary emphasis in Speech-Language Pathology from Ball State University in Muncie, Indiana.  When Jennifer is not busy with theatre or music, she enjoys life with her fantastic husband Jonathan, their dog Romeo, and their cat Benvolio.  Jennifer and Jonathan are looking forward to welcoming the arrival of their first child near the completion of this Midsummer project!

{% include feature/image.html src="/objects/Wilson_headshot.jpg" width="25" %}

Commit message:

fix contributor link use full url, and not "click here" pattern

pages/contributors.md, after:

---
title: Contributors
layout: about
permalink: /contributors.html
# Edit the markdown on in this file to describe your collection
# Look in _includes/feature for options to easily add features to the page
---

# Project Contributors

**Charissa Bertels** is a Broadway actress and champion of new musicals. She has performed on Broadway and at Madison Square Garden in A Christmas Story and toured the country in the first national tour of *If/Then,* starring Idina Menzel, La Chanze, and Anthony Rapp. As part of the singing ensemble for New York City Center Encores' productions of *Gentlemen Prefer Blondes* and *Lady Be Good,* her work can be heard on the subsequent cast recordings, featuring Megan Hilty and the legendary Tommy Tune.  

Charissa's original one-woman musical, *My 80-Year-Old Boyfriend* (Merrimack Repertory Theatre, Arizona Theatre Company, Human Race Theatre Company), garnered rave reviews and an IRNE award for Best Solo Performance. Her newest collaboration, *The Uncivil Ones,* features unheard female, trans and non-binary voices from The Civil War and garnered the 2019 Special Mention for the Women in Arts & Media Coalition Collaboration Award. 
 
In addition to her own writing and producing projects, she is currently a professor at New York Film Academy’s Professional Conservatory of Musical Theatre, pursuing an MFA from the University of Idaho, and a proud member of Actors’ Equity and SAG-AFTRA. Visit [Charissa Bertels website](https://www.charissa.nyc/) for more information.

{% include feature/image.html src="/objects/Bertels_headshot.jpg" width="25" %}

**Jennifer Arbogast Wilson** is in her first year of the distance-learning Directing program in the theatre department at the University of Idaho.  A native of Columbus, Ohio, Jennifer now resides in Chattanooga, Tennessee, where she is a professor of music and theatre at Chattanooga State Community College.  Jennifer’s main teaching includes private voice lessons to music and theatre majors, voice and speech courses, and directing musical theatre productions.  She holds a Doctor of Arts degree in Vocal Performance with a secondary emphasis in Speech-Language Pathology from Ball State University in Muncie, Indiana.  When Jennifer is not busy with theatre or music, she enjoys life with her fantastic husband Jonathan, their dog Romeo, and their cat Benvolio.  Jennifer and Jonathan are looking forward to welcoming the arrival of their first child near the completion of this Midsummer project!

{% include feature/image.html src="/objects/Wilson_headshot.jpg" width="25" %}
