pages/production.md, before:

---
title: Production History
layout: about
permalink: /production.html
# Edit the markdown on in this file to describe your collection
# Look in _includes/feature for options to easily add features to the page
---
# Production History
I am testing this. *This should be in italics* **This should be in bold.** [Google](http://www.google.com)



## *A Midsummer Night's Dream's* Earliest Performances on Stage
The exact date of the first performance of *A Midsummer Night’s Dream* is not known, but most scholars place an estimate between 1595 and 1596. 


#### Private Performance 
The earliest performance was most likely “the wedding in 1596 of Elizabeth Carey to Thomas, son of Lord Berkeley at the Blackfriars house of the bride’s father, Sir George Carey” ("A Midsummer Night's Dream - Shakespeare In Quarto"). The fact that the story begins with Theseus and Hippolyta discussing their “nuptial hour” and ends with the matrimony of three couples would have played quite nicely at a celebration of real-life wedding. (Figure 1)

{% include feature/item-figure.html objectid="midsummer0025" width="25" %}

Commit message:

Added content to Production Page

pages/production.md, after:

---
title: Production History
layout: about
permalink: /production.html
# Edit the markdown on in this file to describe your collection
# Look in _includes/feature for options to easily add features to the page
---
## *A Midsummer Night's Dream's* Earliest Performances on Stage

The exact date of the first performance of *A Midsummer Night’s Dream* is not known, but most scholars place an estimate between 1595 and 1596. 

### Private Performance 

The earliest performance was most likely “the wedding in 1596 of Elizabeth Carey to Thomas, son of Lord Berkeley at the Blackfriars house of the bride’s father, Sir George Carey” ("A Midsummer Night's Dream - Shakespeare In Quarto"). The fact that the story begins with Theseus and Hippolyta discussing their “nuptial hour” and ends with the matrimony of three couples would have played quite nicely at a celebration of real-life wedding. (Figure 1)

{% include feature/item-figure.html objectid="midsummer0025" width="25" %}

## How Could it Have Been Staged?

In these circumstances, the performance would have been limited in its playing space. A raised bare stage and rear curtain might have been all the players had to help tell their story. Like all of Shakespeare’s plays, the words spoken in the script are used to help the audience forgo their disbelief and imagine the world of the play.  
 
For example, in the opening of Act II of A Midsummer Night’s Dream, the Fairy says her/his job is “To dew her orbs upon the green” (2.1.9). In this, the audience can suppose a setting that takes place overnight when grass collects dew. Likewise, when Oberon enters the scene, he says that he and Titania are “Ill met by moonlight” (2.1.61). In this way, the early audiences who might witness the scene outside during the day after wedding festivities could picture the dark night, even though they see a sunny day. 

In Act II scene 1, Oberon describes all the floral canopy of Titania’s bower as a “bank where the wild thyme blows, Where oxlips and the nodding violet grows, Quite overcanopied with luscious woodbine, With sweet muskroses, and with eglantine” (2.1.257). By describing the scene with words, the audience would have been able to envision the bower even with limited scenery and props.  

### Public Performance

From the title page of the play in Shakespeare’s First Quarto (Figure 2), it is clear the play has been publicly performed several (or sundry) times by 1600. So, it is important to see where The Lord Chamberlain’s Men might have staged these performances in publicly, not just private gatherings like weddings or other exclusive events.  

{% include feature/item-figure.html objectid="midsummer0031" width="25" %}
